John Cavanaugh: Project notes  
Week 1: On this week I helped pick the project and make the description and readme  
Week 2: On this week I researched and found websites with real world transaction data, and i created a java file that generates similar fake transaction data that can be used in our project  
Week 3: On this week I created a java file that checks the fake transaction data for common patterns seen in fraudelent transactions and outputs a fraud probability chance for the suspicious ones. I also updated the fake transaction data generator to purposely generate fraudelent data based on those patterns  
Week 4: On this week I got SQLite setup with our project and decided on the format in which data would be stored. I also made a java file that inserts the data from " transactions.csv" into the database. I also did some research on how I will be able to further improve the way we generate and check for fraud in our project.  
Week 5: On this week I made some big changed to both the transaction generator and the fraud checker. First I made it so all 50 states and alot more stores are accounted for in generation. Then I added a bunch more patterns in which fraudulent transactions could appear. Some examples are a "location change" where there is a mysterious large distance between 2 transactions on the same card in a short amount of time, or a fraud situation where after stealing a card, someone tests out the card with a few small transactions followed by a very large one. I also updates the fraud probability checker to account for these new data patterns. The new transaction data is saved in transactions2.csv. and the output of the probability checker can be found in suspicious_transactions.txt 
